TENZIN: Earth.
Fire.
Air.
Water.
Only the Avatar can master
all four elements
and bring balance to the world.
NARRATOR: Republic City welcomes
a new citizen into her arms.
Avatar Korra!
After years of seclusion in the South.
this master of water. earth and fire
seeks to add airbending
to her list of skills.
And under the tutelage of Tenzin.
Avatar Aang's son. she should go far.
But will this cool. calm.
collected master of air
be able to tame this hot-headed teen?
(GRUNTING)
KORRA: (READING)
"And in the final round."
"the Buzzard Wasps won."
"with a decisive knockout."
What do you say
we go to the arena tonight?
Catch a few Pro-bending matches?
That "sport" is a mockery of
the noble tradition of bending.
Come on. Tenzin.
I've dreamed about seeing
a Pro-bending match since I was a kid.
and now I'm just a ferry ride away
from the arena.
Korra. you're not here
to watch that drivel.
You're here to finish your Avatar training.
So. for the time being.
I want you to remain on the island.
Is that why you're keeping
the White Lotus sentries around.
- to watch my every move?
- Yes.
In order to learn airbending. I believe
you require a calm. quiet environment.
free from any distractions.
All right. you're the master.
So my mother informed me that you've
never been able to airbend before.
(KORRA SIGHS)
Yeah. but I don't know why.
The other elements came
so easily to me.
But every single time
I've tried airbending...
(BLOWS RASPBERRIES) Nothing.
That's perfectly all right.
we just need to be patient.
Often. the element that's the most
difficult for the Avatar to master
is the one most opposite
to the Avatar's personality.
For Aang. it was earthbending.
Yeah. well. I'm about as opposite
an Airbender as you can get.
Let's begin your first lesson.
Korra's going to airbend!
KORRA: What is that contraption?
A time honored tool that teaches the
most fundamental aspect of airbending.
Jinora. would you like to
explain this exercise?
The goal is to weave your way
through the gates
and make it to the other side
without touching them.
Seems easy enough.
Jinora forgot to say you have to make it
through while the gates are spinning.
TENZIN: The key is to be like the leaf.
Flow with the movement of the gates.
Jinora will demonstrate.
Airbending is all about
spiral movements.
When you meet resistance.
you must be able to switch direction
at a moment's notice.
Let's do this.
- (CRASH)
- (GRUNTING)
(GRUNTING REPEATEDLY)
(GROANING)
Don't force your way through.
Dance! Dance like the wind!
Be the leaf!
(GRUNTING)
(SIGHS)
Airbend!
What is wrong with me?
(GROANING)
Ugh!
Maybe I'm just not cut out
to be an Airbender. huh. Naga?
SHIRO: (OVER RADIO) Ladies
and gentlemen.
I'm coming to you live
from Republic City's Pro-bending Arena.
where tonight. the best in the world
continue their quest
for a spot in the upcoming
Championship Tournament.
Grab your snacks and grab your kids.
because this next match
is going to be a doozy.
This Mako's got moxie!
He advances. fires two quick shots.
Yomo is hammered back to Zone 3.
The clock is winding down.
can Yomo hold on?
He's teetering on the edge
of the ring now.
The Fire Ferrets line up to strike...
Korra. come down here. please.
You shut it off at the best part!
I thought I made myself clear.
I don't want you listening
to this distracting nonsense.
But it's their radio!
And. technically. you said
I couldn't watch a match.
you didn't say anything
about listening to one.
You... (GROANS)
You know what I meant.
Anyway. shouldn't you...
Shouldn't you be in bed by now?
(SNIFFING)
I think I'm doing it wrong.
There's nothing to do.
Let your mind and your spirit be free.
for air is the element of freedom.
(SCOFFS AND LAUGHS)
Is something funny?
Yeah. you're telling me
to embrace freedom.
but you won't even let me
listen to the radio?
And forget about leaving this island.
Please. Korra. Look at Meelo.
He's able to meditate peacefully.
(SNORING)
- Actually. I think he's asleep.
- What?
Well. at least he has
the relaxing part down.
Whatever. None of this airbending stuff
makes any sense to me.
I know you're frustrated. but
these teachings will sink in over time.
Then one day. they'll just click.
(KORRA INHALES)
Yeah. it's not sinking in yet.
I'm going to go get a glass
of lychee juice.
Korra. the meditation's not over yet.
Daddy. can I have
some lychee juice. too?
No.
(MEELO GROANING)
(GASPING)
Hey. what are you doing in my gym?
Uh. I was just looking for a bathroom
and I got lost.
Ah. the old "I-had-to-pee" excuse.
You know. I'm sick and tired of you kids
sneaking in without paying.
I'm taking you to security.
- No. wait...
- There you are!
I've been looking everywhere for you.
It's all right. Toza.
- She's with me.
- Yeah. I'm with him.
So. you see. we're together.
Well. not "together' together.
More like friends."
Right. friends.
No. no. I didn't mean to imply...
- (CLEARS THROAT)
- Oh. you implied it.
I don't care what you are.
I've got work to do.
Right this way. miss.
Thank you. sir.
Seriously. thanks!
What do you think?
Best seats in the house. huh?
KORRA: Whoa. unbelievable!
This place is even more amazing
than I imagined!
- Name's Bolin. by the way.
- Korra.
MAKO: Psst.
- Bolin.
- Yeah?
I told you. you have to stop bringing
your crazy fan girls in here
before the matches. Get her out of here.
Aww. come on. Mako.
All right. look. I kind of promised her
she could stay.
But. man. I got a good feeling.
There's something special about her.
I know it. Come here.
I want you to meet my brother. Mako.
Mako?
Wow. I heard you play on the radio...
Come on. Bolin. we're up.
Or I could meet him later.
Yeah. sorry about that.
My brother just gets real focused
before a match.
Okay. I got to go!
Wish me luck. Not that I'll need it.
KORRA: (CHUCKLES)
Good luck! Knock 'em out!
Introducing the Fire Ferrets!
FAN: (SCREAMS) I love you. Bolin!
The rookie Ferrets came
from out of nowhere
and have made it further than
anyone expected this season.
But tonight they face
their toughest test yet. folks.
(DINGS)
And they're off!
The two teams waste no time trying to
blast each other out of Zone 1 .
Hasook is the first
to feel the heat of the Tigerdillos.
He tries to return the favor.
but they're too fast for him.
while Mako showcases his trademark
"cool under fire" style.
- (GRUNTING)
- (BUZZER SOUNDS)
The Tigerdillos score with a walloping
one-two combo.
Can their teammate hold on
to their Zone 1 territory?
(BUZZER SOUNDS)
Guess not! Mako's over the line.
The Tigerdillos get the green light
and advance into Ferret territory.
Come on. Ferrets!
- Looks like Hasook's in trouble.
- (BUZZER SOUNDS)
He's in Zone 3. teetering over the brink!
(YELLING)
And Hasook takes a dip!
He'll be back for Round 2.
assuming the fabulous bending brothers
can hold their ground
until the next round.
- (BUZZER SOUNDS)
- (BELL RINGS)
RING ANNOUNCER: Round 1 goes to
the Golden Temple Tigerdillos!
Come on. Hasook. get your act together.
(DINGS)
(BUZZER SOUNDS)
SHIRO: The Fire Ferrets
are knocked into Zone 2
and the Tigerdillos advance.
(BUZZER SOUNDS)
(BELL RINGS)
The Fire Ferrets cinch the round
in the closing seconds.
It's one apiece.
Still anyone's match
as we go into the third and final round.
(BELL DINGS)
Hasook stumbles and now he tumbles.
right into his teammate.
He and Bolin better untangle quick
if they don't want to...
- (BUZZER SOUNDS)
- Oh. too late!
Oh. no!
SHIRO: it's all up to Mako now.
He's bobbing and weaving.
He's weaving and bobbing.
But he's not hitting back.
If Mako's knocked out.
the Ferrets' fabulous season is over.
He's dancing on the edge of the ring.
surviving the three-on-one barrage.
It seems his plan is to let
the Tigerdillos punch themselves out.
- And his plan is working!
- (BUZZER SOUNDS)
Hahn is in the pool.
They've got nothing left in the tank.
and Mako is on the offensive!
It's two-on-one.
- Scratch that. It's one-on-one.
- (BUZZER SOUNDS)
And it's an earth and fire slugfest!
There's so much smoke and dust
from the fire fight...
(BUZZER SOUNDS)
I can't even see
where the Fire Ferret is!
- (CROWD CHEERING)
- It's a knockout!
- (BELL RINGS)
- What a wing-dinger of a hat trick. folks!
Mako pulls off the upset of the season.
winning the match for the Fire Ferrets!
Wahoo! Yes!
One more win and
we're in the Championship Tournament.
So what did you think. Korra?
Bolin's got some moves. huh?
What did I think? What did I think?
That was amazing.
You did more harm than good out there.
You almost cost us the match.
- We won. didn't we?
- Barely.
Get off my case. pal!
Ugh!
Useless.
You guys were incredible out there.
Especially you. Mr. Hat Trick.
Oh. you're still here?
Oh. you're still a jerk?
Ooh! (CHUCKLES)
Anyway.
I've been immersed in bending
my entire life.
but I never learned
how to move like that.
It's like there's a whole new style here.
Think you could show me a few tricks?
- Absolutely.
- MAKO: Right now?
Come on. Bolin.
Just ignore him.
Yeah. I can show you the basics.
I'm just not sure how my earthbending
would translate to your waterbending.
but we'll figure it out.
Won't be a problem.
I'm actually an Earthbender.
I'm sorry!
No. no. I didn't mean to assume.
'Cause. you know. I was just figuring
with your Water Tribe getup
that you are a Water Tribe gal.
No. you're right. I'm a Waterbender.
And a Firebender.
Mmm. Mm-hmm.
I'm very confused right now.
You're the Avatar. and I'm an idiot.
Both are true.
No way.
(WHISPERING LOUDLY) The Avatar!
BOLIN: All right. let's see what you got.
That was great! Good power.
But in a real match
you'd be a sitting turtle-duck.
Not so upright and flat-footed.
Stay light on your toes.
Right up until the moment
when you need to dig in and strike.
Then. Pop! Pop!
Okay. let me try it again.
Wow! Nice adjustment.
- You're a natural at this.
- Not bad.
What's it take to impress this guy?
What? I said. "Not bad."
You know what. it's getting late.
I think I'm going to turn in.
You kids have fun.
Nice to meet you. Avatar Korra.
Yeah. been a real pleasure.
See you upstairs. bro.
Upstairs? You guys live here?
Yep. In the attic.
It's nothing fancy.
but we have some great views.
So back to bending.
Why don't you throw that combo
one more time?
(EXHALES)
(GRUNTS)
Patience. Korra.
(PANTING)
That was a 2000-year-old
historical treasure.
What... What is wrong with you?
There's nothing wrong with me!
I've been practicing.
just like you taught me.
But it isn't sinking in. okay?
It hasn't "clicked" like you said it would.
Korra. this isn't something
you can force.
If you would only listen to me...
I have been! But you know what I think?
Maybe the problem isn't me.
Maybe the reason
I haven't learned airbending yet
is because you're a terrible teacher.
(GROANS)
Yeah. you're a terrible teacher. Daddy.
Waa!
Okay. everyone here?
Wait. where's Korra?
Honestly. Pema.
I am at my wit's end with that girl.
I don't know how to get through to her!
Dear. the best thing you can do right
now is to give Korra some space.
You must promise me that
your teenage years won't be like this.
I will make no such promises.
I didn't miss your match. did I?
You guys look like you lost already.
We might as well have.
Hasook's a no-good no-show!
You got two minutes to come out
ready to play or you're disqualified.
Well. there goes our shot
at the tournament.
And the winnings.
Can't you ask one of those guys
to fill in?
No. the rules say you can only compete
on one team.
Well. then how about me?
I'm a top-notch Waterbender.
if I do say so myself.
But you're the Avatar. Isn't that cheating?
It isn't cheating if I
only do waterbending.
No way. I'd rather forfeit
than look like a fool out there.
Wow. thanks for the vote of confidence.
- Time's up. You in or out?
- We're in!
- We are?
- Yes!
Hey. I didn't agree to this...
You can thank me later.
This girl is crazy.
Looks like the Fire Ferrets
have ferreted out
a last-minute replacement Waterbender.
Let's see if she's another
diamond in the rough
like the brothers
from the school of hard knocks.
Don't do anything too fancy
or aggressive.
In fact. don't do anything.
Just try not to get knocked off the ring.
You got it. Captain.
Players. are you ready?
- (BLOWS WHISTLE)
- (BELL DINGS)
(SCREAMS)
Wahoo!
- Man overboard!
- (WHISTLE BLOWS)
Fire Ferret Waterbender. penalty!
Move back one zone!
What? Why?
You're only allowed to knock players off
the back of the ring. not over the sides.
Oh... Whoops.
(BELL DINGS)
SHIRO: And we're
back in action after that hiccup.
But I'm not so sure this replacement
player knows what she's doing.
(BUZZER SOUNDS)
(BLOWS WHISTLE) Foul! Over the line.
Move back to Zone 3.
(GRUNTS) I'll show you over the line...
(BELL RINGS)
SHIRO: The Platypus Bears
take Round 1 .
(BELL RINGS)
The Platypus Bears know
a green player when they see one.
and they are focusing the brunt
of their bending on this poor girl.
(GROANS)
Wait a minute.
Did that Waterbender just earthbend?
(CROWD GASPS)
(WHISTLE BLOWS)
REF: Foul. I think.
(LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
- SHIRO: Did I see that right?
- (SIGHS)
(OVER RADIO) Hold on. folks. we're just
waiting for the referee's official call.
but I think this replacement player
could be...
Pardon me. everyone.
Have you seen Korra this evening?
She's not in her room.
SHIRO: You've got to be kidding me.
She's the Avatar. folks!
Playing in a Pro-bending match!
Can you believe that?
I'll get her myself.
The Avatar will be permitted to continue
so long as she solely bends water.
(PROTESTING)
(BELL DINGS)
SHIRO: This girl may be the Avatar.
but she's no Pro-bender.
And the Platypus Bears are
intent on exploiting that weakness.
They're giving her their best and
her best ain't good enough to stop it!
- (BUZZER SOUNDS)
- And she's in the drink!
(GRUNTING)
KORRA: Oh. hey. Tenzin.
I thought you didn't like
coming to these matches.
(CHUCKLES)
Once again. you have
flagrantly disobeyed my orders.
You were to stay on the island. Let's go.
No. I'm kind of
in the middle of something.
I have tried my very best to get through
to you by being gentle and patient.
But clearly the only thing
you respond to is force.
So I am ordering you to come back
to the temple. Right now.
Why? So I can sit around and meditate
about how bad I am at airbending?
You know. I'm beginning to think there's
a reason I haven't been able to learn it.
Because maybe I don't even need it.
What? That is a ludicrous suggestion.
The Avatar needs to learn airbending.
It is not optional.
No. This is what I need to learn.
Modern styles of fighting.
Being the Avatar isn't
all about fighting. Korra.
When will you learn that?
I have a match to go finish.
(BELL DINGS)
RING ANNOUNCER:
The Platypus Bears win Round 2.
Round 3!
SHIRO: The Platypus Bears
come out of the gate
and quickly go after the Ferret brothers.
They're corralled in the corner.
wedged in the edge of Zone 1.
unable to come to the Avatar's rescue.
And. boy. does she need it!
(CHEERING)
Looks like the Avatar's Pro-bending
debut is going to be cut short.
She's been pushed back to Zone 3
and the water is calling her name.
It's only a matter of time before...
Hold the phone. stop the presses.
She's still in the game. folks!
And she's moving like an entirely
different player!
All of a sudden the Platypus Bears'
strikes are only striking air!
How about that?
The Platypus Bears have no juice left.
but Mako and Bolin are
still fresh and juicy.
(GRUNTS)
(BUZZER SOUNDS)
- (BELL DINGS)
- Knockout!
(HOOTING IN CELEBRATION)
SHIRO: The Fire Ferrets come
from way behind and steal the win.
What an upset. folks.
The rookies. Avatar in tow.
have nabbed a place
in the Championship Tournament!
I cannot believe it.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
- Yeah.
- Yes!
Korra. what can I say?
You really came alive in that last round.
The way you dodged their attacks.
You are a natural.
Thanks. but I can't take all the credit.
Someone else taught me those moves.
I'm really sorry about everything I said.
I was really frustrated with myself
and I took it out on you.
I think I owe you an apology. too.
I was trying to teach you about patience.
but I lost mine.
No hard feelings?
Of course not.
By the way.
you were really good out there tonight.
You moved just like an Airbender.
Wait. you stayed and watched?
I did. Pro-bending turned out to be
the perfect teaching tool for you.
I'll see you tomorrow
for airbending practice. bright and early!
And by the way. I kind of
permanently joined the Fire Ferrets
and we're playing in the tournament
in a couple of weeks.
(SIGHS)